so you wanna buy packs but you got no
coins and you want to pack bail but you
hate people points and you want to beat
your brother with a super flat team but
your coin total zero so it's basically
agree what coin King is the answer to
question chief they're reliable the best
on the net kids cwe four five two saying
not sack them coins and load your squad
down for something boys and welcome to
the bulk boss happening boys and welcome
to the next round of the fatal
tournament yesterday on James's channel
which you should go over and check out
right now go subscribe go check out leg
one which he uploaded yesterday don't
want to give away too much but I've got
to score a shitload of goals in this
episode in order to advance to the final
was able to beat anis and give in the
first round coming up against JP choose
an incredible player those chips show
blue baby there is that's what we wanted
to see me on skype egos oh wow WTF ow
the chips are so fucking scary but I'm
gonna call out DeMaria and Welbeck and
I'm gonna ask you guys to fucking please
bear me out of this fucking hole bro I
want to make it to the final I want to
win one of these fatal things so yeah
hopefully we can hit that like button if
you guys are enjoying the series if you
want to interact with me on Twitter it
is at Civic HD both at a further ado
let's get into the match oh my god dude
that team of the year Robert is so scary
and he's got dude Royce is just an
absolute man mad at the madman at centre
forward he's just he's just a master
with this false-9 broke up on Brodeur
I'm gonna have to fucking rock it a
bunch through Neuer right now let's go
you know what I didn't know I had a rain
stadium but I feel like if I'm gonna
have a chance this match I feel like I
need the elements on my side so
fuck
oh my god Brenda's gumbo right now hurry
up all right
now I'm not gonna ruin it I need four
goals events I need I need for
celebration - it's just when it rains it
pours and I'm not I'm not saying that
because of the rain oh my god oh my god
Wow I can't do anything bro
I'm literally
go do something do something homeless
dude I need I need that to go my way I
need that ball to go my way if I'm to
have any chance this match I can't I
can't do anything man holy shit I think
I need four goals okay let's go
[Music]
it's I I don't know I don't know what to
do I just I need five fucking goals in
this the 55th minute I'm not gonna get
them look what are you what am I playing
for right now like what the fuck am I
playing for right now man one of the
funny thing is like I went into this
with like such high hopes like I thought
oh you know what and I thought I was
gonna do some like spectacular stuff you
know what I mean I thought I was gonna
be I thought I was gonna be competitive
but turns out I have conceited like
[Music]
I can't even I can't even string
together and he still runs
[Music]
Wow
can't even yeah can't even do it oh my
god I can't even put him away Oh Mike oh
my god it just sucks being so fucking I
just got a gg from on skype like it just
sucks being so non-competitive in a
match in two matches oh my god man are
you fucking kidding me dude that's
embarrassing this is embarrassing
let's take a look yeah look at those
match stats I just got dominated and I
just got fucking dominant he deserves to
go on to be honest with you he beat the
shit out of me so make sure you go over
to his channel check out his version of
the video his leg one to see some more
fucking me getting destroyed if you guys
enjoyed the episode hit that like button
as well hit that subscribe button down
below if you guys are new the channel
thank you so much for helping me out
building this team in fatal and yeah we
just came we just were so outmatched by
our opponent we tried though guys we
tried anyway I'll see you guys for an
upload I'll see you guys for another
upload tomorrow til next time
juice later I did name is Memphis depay
and he'd be chillin by the water bend
the stuff that he doing making you think
he's Harry Potter Randy Kinko's a broken
of any enemy he come against doesn't
matter if it's a couple of shit the
hundred mens but in truth harder than
drake